v6.16.3 (#10740)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 6.16.3

_Oct 20, 2023_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 7 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

- 🐞 Bugfixes
- 📚 Documentation improvements

### Data Grid

#### `@mui/x-data-grid@6.16.3`

> - [DataGrid] Allow passing readonly arrays to `columns` and `sortingOrder` props (#10686) @pcorpet

Reviewer: Wow, we didn't merge much this week 😅

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.16.3` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid@6.16.3`.

#### `@mui/x-data-grid-premium@6.16.3` [![premium](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-premium-svg-link 'Premium plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-data-grid-pro@6.16.3`.

### Date Pickers

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.16.3`

- [fields] Correctly respect leading zeroes on seconds section (#10713) @flaviendelangle
- [fields] Use `onChange` instead of `onKeyPress` for Backspace editing (#10494) @flaviendelangle
- [pickers] Add reference links to DatePicker components (#10626) @michelengelen
- [pickers] Add reference links to clock components (#10645) @michelengelen
- [pickers] Add reference links to misc picker components (#10647) @michelengelen
- [pickers] Add reference links to toolbar components (#10646) @michelengelen

> - [pickers] Change the props received by the `FakeTextField` component (#10687) @flaviendelangle

Reviewer 2: @flaviendelangle WDYT, do you want to bring visibility to these "experimentation" PRs? 🤔 
Or should we omit it from the changelog to avoid confusion?

Reviewer 3: How about we prefix them with `POC: ` to make clear it's not live?

Reviewer 2: That is an interesting compromise. 🤔 
I'd still be in the camp of omitting it completely, but being more explicit is a good middle-ground. 👌

Reviewer 3: Keeping them can help us find information in the future, but yeah both are fine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [pickers] POC: Change the props received by the `FakeTextField` component (#10687) @flaviendelangle
```

#### `@mui/x-date-pickers-pro@6.16.3` [![pro](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg)](https://mui.com/r/x-pro-svg-link 'Pro plan')

Same changes as in `@mui/x-date-pickers@6.16.3`, plus:

- [DateRangePicker] Fix touch based range dragging (#10664) @michelengelen

> ### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@__CHARTS_VERSION__`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Charts / `@mui/x-charts@6.0.0-alpha.16`
```

- [charts] Add reference links to area + bar chart components (#10652) @michelengelen
- [charts] Add reference links to line chart + sparkline components (#10650) @michelengelen
- [charts] Add reference links to pie + scatter chart components  (#10653) @michelengelen

> - [charts] Skip rendering if not width or height (#10714) @alexfauquette

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [charts] Render only when `width` and `height` are resolved (#10714) @alexfauquette
```

> - [charts] Support animation (#9926) @alexfauquette

Reviewer 4: I feel like this deserves a highlight 💯 WDYT?

Reviewer 3: Clearly!

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could also be more explicit? 🤔 
```suggestion
- [charts] Support animation on `BarChart` (#9926) @alexfauquette
```

- [charts] Use new text component to avoid tick label overflow on x-axis (#10648) @alexfauquette

### Docs

> - [docs] Add a recipe for saving and restoring `state` externally (#10722) @michelengelen

Reviewer: This one is worth a highlight 🙂
